feat(optimizeImage): add a button to optimize image on demand (#4)
ekino/EkinoTinyPngSonataMediaBundle: docs/10-action-optimize-media.md

# Add an action to optimize media

To add a new action in your sonata admin.

![optimize-action.png](img/optimize-action.png)

## Implementation

You could extend `Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController` or use directly the `Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\OptimizeImageTrait` in your Controller:
```php
<?php

namespace App\Controller;

use Sonata\MediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController as BaseMediaAdminController;
use Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\OptimizeImageTrait;

class MediaAdminController extends BaseMediaAdminController
{
    use OptimizeImageTrait;
}
```

> To enable the extension, you have to declare it into `sonata_admin.yml`:

Reviewer: I'd move it first, because this is the required config, extending the controller or using the trait is optional

# Add an action to optimize media

To add a new action in your sonata admin.

![optimize-action.png](img/optimize-action.png)

## Implementation

To enable the extension, you have to declare it into `sonata_admin.yml`:
```
    extensions:
        ekino.tiny_png_sonata_media.extension.optimize:
            admins:
                - sonata.media.admin.media
```

You could extend `Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController` or use directly the `Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\OptimizeImageTrait` in your Controller:
```php
<?php

namespace App\Controller;

use Sonata\MediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController as BaseMediaAdminController;
use Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\OptimizeImageTrait;

class MediaAdminController extends BaseMediaAdminController
{
    use OptimizeImageTrait;
}
```

> Add the controller means that you have to override the following parameter in `sonata_media.yaml` config for example (to be well used by SonataMediaAdmin service):

Reviewer: We should split the mandatory and optional config the developer has to do

# Add an action to optimize media

To add a new action in your sonata admin.

![optimize-action.png](img/optimize-action.png)

## Implementation

> You have to extend `Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController` or use directly the `Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\OptimizeImageTrait` in your Controller:

Reviewer: to be adapted, extending the controller is not mandatory anymore

```php
<?php

namespace App\Controller;

use Sonata\MediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController as BaseMediaAdminController;
use Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\OptimizeImageTrait;

class MediaAdminController extends BaseMediaAdminController
{
    use OptimizeImageTrait;
}
```

> Extending the controller means that you have to override the following parameter in `sonata_media.yaml` config for example (to be well used by SonataMediaAdmin service):

Reviewer: to be removed

```
parameters:
    sonata.media.admin.media.controller: ekino.tiny_png_sonata_media.controller.media_admin
```

> To enable the extension, you have to declare it into `sonata_admin.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the extension, you have to declare it into `sonata_admin.yaml`:
```

# Add an action to optimize media
To add a new action in your sonata admin.

![optimize-action.png](img/optimize-action.png)

## Implementation

# Mandatory
First, to enable the extension, you have to declare it into `sonata_admin.yaml`:
```
    extensions:
        ekino.tiny_png_sonata_media.extension.optimize:
            admins:
                - sonata.media.admin.media
```

> Keep in mind, you should add the following parameter in `sonata_media.yaml` config for example (to be well used by SonataMediaAdmin service):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind, you have to add the following parameter in `sonata_media.yaml` config for example (to be well used by SonataMediaAdmin service):
```

```
parameters:
    sonata.media.admin.media.controller: ekino.tiny_png_sonata_media.controller.media_admin
```

Use `ekino.tiny_png_sonata_media.controller.media_admin` or the service id of your own Controller.

# Optional

> Two choices for use this action, you could use your own Controller and extend the `Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two options to use this action, you could use your own Controller and extend the `Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController`.
```

# Add an action to optimize media
To add a new action in your sonata admin.

![optimize-action.png](img/optimize-action.png)

## Implementation

# Mandatory
First, to enable the extension, you have to declare it into `sonata_admin.yaml`:
```
    extensions:
        ekino.tiny_png_sonata_media.extension.optimize:
            admins:
                - sonata.media.admin.media
```

# Optional
Two choices for use this action, you could use your own Controller and extend the `Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController`.

Or use directly the `Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\OptimizeImageTrait` in your Controller:
```php
<?php

namespace App\Controller;

use Sonata\MediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController as BaseMediaAdminController;
use Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\OptimizeImageTrait;

class MediaAdminController extends BaseMediaAdminController
{
    use OptimizeImageTrait;
}
```

> # Mandatory 

Reviewer: move it before to have only one section "Mandatory"

# Add an action to optimize media

To add a new action in your sonata admin.

![optimize-action.png](img/optimize-action.png)

## Implementation

> You have to extend `Sonata\MediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController`

Reviewer: Why don't do it in this bundle? It would be more simple for the end user

Reviewer 2: ok so let's add a Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\MediaAdminController using the trait and extending CRUDController. Then you have to explain in the doc that you can use this controller or only the trait (as it is currently explain in the doc)

Author: By adding the extension it allows to add or hidden the action button, @bmaziere advised to me to add a Trait & AdminExtension

Reviewer: We could enable/disable the action button through the config?

Author: We could
<img width="170" alt="Capture d’écran 2019-08-22 à 14 56 19" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5670968/63516290-06aff980-c4ed-11e9-8503-d479e9591e21.png">

by removing the config below in `sonta_admin.yaml` :
```
    extensions:
        ekino.tiny_png_sonata_media.extension.optimize:
            admins:
                - sonata.media.admin.media
```

Reviewer: Yep but in the final project, it would be more friendly if the bundle embeds it and removes it regarding the config

Author: @bmaziere extend the `CRUDController` instead of the `Sonata\MediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController` ?

Reviewer 2: of course extends Sonata\MediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController ;)

```php
<?php

namespace App\Controller;

use Sonata\MediaBundle\Controller\MediaAdminController as BaseMediaAdminController;
use Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\OptimizeImageTrait;

class MediaAdminController extends BaseMediaAdminController
{
    use OptimizeImageTrait;
}
```

> And use the specific trait `Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\OptimizeImageTrait.php` Extending the controller means that you have to override the following parameter in `sonata_media.yaml` config for example (to be well used by SonataMediaAdmin service):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And use the specific trait `Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\OptimizeImageTrait.php`. Extending the controller means that you have to override the following parameter in `sonata_media.yaml` config for example (to be well used by SonataMediaAdmin service):
```

# Add an action to optimize media

To add a new action in your sonata admin.

![optimize-action.png](img/optimize-action.png)

## Requirements

> - https://github.com/sonata-project/SonataMediaBundle

Reviewer 2: you can remove this requirements section as it is already described in composer.json

> # Add an action to optimize media

Reviewer 2: can you also add a link in readme.md to this documentation plz

Author: a link to the summary : `ekino/tiny-png-sonata-media-bundle/docs/00-docs.md` is better, nop ?

Reviewer 2: yeah if you want
